For my final project, I created an iOS application called “Fanga Dagen”. You will need certain tools to run this app. First and foremost, an iOS application requires a Mac of some sort; this Mac has to be able to run OS X - optimally running newer OS version (My laptop, for example, is using macOS Catalina). Next – if not downloaded already – you will have to go to the Appstore and get Xcode. I was using the latest Xcode version for this project (Xcode 12.2 released in October 2020) which is available for macOS Catalina users. Running an earlier version such as Xcode 11 should also work. They both support Swift 5 – the newest version of Apple’s programming language.

Now that we have set everything up, download the files as a zip and decompress them. When decompressed, open the “Fanga Dagen” folder. Now, you will see multiple files and folders. To run my project, open the file called “Fanga Dagen.xcworkspace”. Be sure to open the “Fanga Dagen.xcworkspace” file and NOT “Fanga Dagen.xcodepro”; if you open the wrong one certain features won't work.

Whenever you open that file, you will see the programming and implementation of the application. The next step is to run and compile the app; there are two different ways you can do this. 
1)	The first possibility is running it on your laptop with an Xcode Simulator. In the top left corner, you can see the logo of the app and its name “Fanga Dagen” which is pointing at a small Xcode logo and the name of a certain Apple device. Please click on this; now you can see that you can run the app on different kinds of simulators. You can choose the device you would like the application to run on (I would recommend using either the iPhone 12 or 11). Be aware: the application only works on devices that can run iOS 13 or a later version; so, no device older than the iPhone 7 will work. Now, also in the top left corner, you will find a play button; please press it when you are ready. This will compile and run the program. Give it a minute and you will see a screen (conform to the device you chose) appear on your computer. Whenever it is done loading, everything is set up and you can open the app. If you wish to end the process of the simulator you can press the stop button next to the play button.

2)	A second possibility is running the app on a physical device. For this, you will have to click on Xcode in the top left of your computer, go on "Preferences" and add an Apple developer account (an Apple ID) under accounts. Once you have completed that, you will have to sign the app. Press on the “Fanga Dagen” file at the top of the left sidebar. Then go to “Signing & Capabilities” and add the Apple ID under “Team”. Now, everything is set up and you can connect the physical device with a charger via the USB port. The name of that device will appear where the simulators are located. Instead of choosing a simulator, you can choose the physical device and once again run the app by pressing the play button.
 
I would recommend you using the first method (using a simulator) to run the app. It is more convenient and arguably safer as you don’t have to download an unknown app on a physical device. 

Whenever you have opened the app, wait for the launch screen to disappear, type in your name and you are good to go. Have fun!
